Improving docs (#257)
flame-engine/flame: README.md

 - [Views and Dialog Boxes Tutorial – Step by Step with Flame and Flutter (Part 3 of 5)](https://jap.alekhin.io/views-dialog-boxes-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-3)
 - [Scoring, Storage, and Sound Tutorial – Step by Step with Flame and Flutter (Part 4 of 5)](https://jap.alekhin.io/scoring-storage-sound-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-4)
 - [Game Finishing and Packaging Tutorial – Step by Step with Flame and Flutter (Part 5 of 5)](https://jap.alekhin.io/game-finishing-packaging-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-5)

We also offer a curated list of Games, Libraries and Articles over at [awesome-flame](https://github.com/flame-engine/awesome-flame).

## Documentation

The complete documentation can be found [here](doc/README.md).

A very cool docs site can be found [here](https://flame-engine.org/).

## Credits

>  * [Fireslime](https://fireslime.xyz) who is the team responsible for maintining Flame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [Fireslime](https://fireslime.xyz), the team responsible for maintaining Flame
```
